# Design Process
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My design process was to first research and look at some other artworks people had done for the theme of “apocalyptic.” From these examples I was able to come up with 5 concept sketches each with their own setting, style, and environment. When drawing these concepts sketches, I also decided to make each layer a different color, for example any greenery was sketched in green.I did this because I found it made it easier for me to visually tell what was going on. I also struggled to figure out some parts of the sketches so instead of sketching them, I wrote text so that later I could find more references and draw them more accurately, going back if I chose the sketch as my final concept. For example, I did this with water and graffiti art, coming back to focus on these areas. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After drawing my 5 concept sketches I decided on a single version that I really liked and I thought I would have the most versatility with, in order to make multiple variations. I struggled a bit on this part of the assignment as I wasn't quite sure how I wanted to fill in empty space. I tried to draw water several times, but I knew it wasn't a strong point of mine so I had to find other ways to fill space. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By the end, I decided on a variation that included a path that a character would walk.This vertical path served to lead the eye across the piece, from the foreground up to the city skyline. I think my final piece had a good variation of large objects but also small detailed greenery in the foreground. I also implemented perspective and point of view with the city skyline in the background. The buildings separate so that the sun is the focus of the background. I also tried to keep in mind where shadows and highlights would lay when I was coloring my images. I struggled a bit with Photoshop because I kept wanting to merge my clipping mask with the layer beneath it. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If I could go back and work on anything and change it, I would want to add more creatures or humans, as I only did one person. I would also want to take more time and figure out how to make a brush or stamp that could put windows into the buildings a lot easier, because I struggled to make them all along the same perspective line. I also wish I could have added more in the foreground to fill the empty space, I tried to do it with water but it just didn't look right. I do like the look of my brushes for the greenery, I wish that my vehicles match the kind of realism those brushes gave to the shrubs. 
